[TOC]
## Algorithm
**Find Pivot Index**

Given an array of integers `nums`, write a method that returns the "pivot" index of this array.

We define the pivot index as the index where the sum of the numbers to the left of the index is equal to the sum of the numbers to the right of the index.

If no such index exists, we should return -1. If there are multiple pivot indexes, you should return the left-most pivot index.

**Example 1:**

```
Input: 
nums = [1, 7, 3, 6, 5, 6]
Output: 3
Explanation: 
The sum of the numbers to the left of index 3 (nums[3] = 6) is equal to the sum of numbers to the right of index 3.
Also, 3 is the first index where this occurs.
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: 
nums = [1, 2, 3]
Output: -1
Explanation: 
There is no index that satisfies the conditions in the problem statement.
```

**Note:**

The length of `nums` will be in the range `[0, 10000]`.

Each element `nums[i]` will be an integer in the range `[-1000, 1000]`.

**Use Java**
one
```java
class Solution {
    public int pivotIndex(int[] nums) {
        int rightSum = 0, leftSum = 0 ;
        for ( int num : nums ){
            rightSum += num ;
        }
        for ( int i = 0 ; i < nums.length ; i++){
        	rightSum -= nums[i];
            if( rightSum == leftSum ){
                return i;
            }
            leftSum += nums[i];
        }
        return -1;
    }
}
```
two
```java
class Solution {
    public int pivotIndex(int[] nums) {
        int total = 0, sum = 0 ;
        for ( int num : nums ){
            total += num ;
        }
        for ( int i = 0 ; i < nums.length ; sum += nums[i++]){
            if( sum * 2 == total - nums[i] ){
                return i;
            }
        }
        return -1;
    }
}
```




## Review
[How to Read a Paper](http://www.cs.princeton.edu/courses/archive/fall13/cos597E/papers/howtoread.pdf) This is the sharing of diguage in the WeChat group.
about the three-pass approach of read the paper.
**The first pass** 
Todo : 
	1. Carefully read the title, abstract, introduction, and some headings.
	2. Read the conclusions and the references.
	3. Glance at the mathematical content (if any) to determine the underlying theoretical foundations.
Thinking :
	The first pass gives you a general idea about the paper. Thinking with the five Cs(category, context, correctness, contributions, clarity). And you may decide whether to continue reading.

**The second pass**
Todo ：
	1.  Read the paper with greater care, but ignore details such as proofs.(note down you didn't understand and plans to ask some questions)
	2.  Look carefully at the figures, diagrams and other illustrations in the paper. Pay special attention to graphs.(Whether the data is accurate can reflect the quality of the paper)
	3.  Mark relevant unread references.
**The third pass** 
Todo :
	re-implement the paper.
At the end of this pass, you should be able to reconstruct the entire structure of the paper from memory, as well as be able to identify its strong and weak points. 


## Technique

Write a method of inserting data in bulk.

```java
public static void insertDB(List<User> user,Connection conn) throws SQLException{
    int insert = 1500;
    int index = 0;
    
    if(user.size() < insert){
    	insert = user.size();
	}
    String sql = "insert into user (,,) values";
    StringBuilder sqlb = new StringBuilder(sql);
	//插入数据库次数
	for( int i = 0; i < (user.size()%insert > 0 ? user.size()/insert+1 : user.size()/insert); i++){
        //每条插多少条数据
        for(int j = 0 ; j < insert ; j++){
            if(index < user.size()){
            	sqlb.append(user.get(index).toString());//改写toString()来拼接sql
                index++;
                if(insert < j+1 && index < user.size()){
                   sqlb.append(","); 
                }
            }else{
            	break;
            }
        }
        PreparedStatement pre = conn.prepareStatement(sqlb.toString());
        int count = pre.executeUpdate();
        if(count!=0){
        	System.out.println(count);
        }
	}
}
```

## Share
**Word book**

[Anki](https://apps.ankiweb.net/) and [Anki 划词制卡助手](http://www.laohuang.net/20160817/anki-dict-helper-chrome-extension/)
I want to find a cross-platform word book that I don't want to use youdao. Try to see if there is any sharing in the chat  history of WeChat group, then find the Anki shared by diguage. So I search some about the Anki and find this plug-in.

**Password security tips**
1. A set of common passwords .(like use numbers,  uppercase and lowercase letters, special characters )
2. Make personalized changes based on common passwords for different apps and websites.(for example: WeChat password, you can add wx or wechat before, in the middle or after the common password base)

The reason :
Even for the smartest people, using multiple passwords will be confusing. So most are one group of password walk the world. So this will bring risks. Now information leakage on the Internet is severe, like phone number, email, ID card number even password. Let's say you're signing up for your usual password on a platform that isn't doing very well in information security. If the platform is being dragged by hackers, your information will most likely be used to hit other platform's database. The information gets further leaked. This password sercurity tips you don't have to remember many sets of passwords, and personalisation is up to you.

My company's recent new employee training talked about Internet black production. For the first time, I realized the importance of information security. This little trick is very practical, so I share it.
